insights: document insights site config values (#41971)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_insights/explanations/administration_and_security_of_code_insights.md

If you want to disable Sourcegraph-extension-provided code insights, you can do so the same way you would disable any other extension. Refer to [Disabling remote extensions](../../admin/extensions.md#use-extensions-from-sourcegraph-com-or-disable-remote-extensions) and [Allow only specific extensions](../../admin/extensions.md#use-extensions-from-sourcegraph-com-or-disable-remote-extensions).

## Code Insights Site Configuration

> While the default configuration is approproate for most deployments, in the site configuration there are values that allow admins more control over the rate at which insights runs in the background. Raising these values will increase the speed at which insights are populated however will it cause insights to consume more system resources.  Care should be taken when changing these values and it is recomended to update them in small increments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the default configuration is appropriate for most deployments, in the site configuration there are values that allow admins more control over the rate at which insights runs in the background. 
Raising these values will increase the speed at which insights are populated however will it cause insights to consume more system resources.  
Care should be taken when changing these values and it is recommended to update them in small increments.
```
